README.md, before:

# myZon

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon/blob/master/LICENCE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/the-movie-site/stargazers)

Having worked the last few months on a closed source C++ project I made an air-bnb clone (for CRUD) and this amazon clone site to get back into javascript, and [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/index.html) with hooks development.

## Installation/Usage

[node.js](http://nodejs.org/download/) is required to get `npm`. Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) to install/run the-movie-site.

1. Clone the repo: `git@github.com:Michael-Lafreniere/myzon.git`
2. `cd myzon`
3. Install packages: `npm install`
4. Run it: `npm run start`

## Features

<img src="https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon/blob/master/Main_Screenshot.png" width="400" height="300" alt="some_text">

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Commit message:

Final update to the readme file, at this time.

README.md, after:

# myZon

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon/blob/master/LICENCE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/the-movie-site/stargazers)

Having worked the last few months on a closed source C++ project I made an air-bnb clone (for CRUD) and this amazon clone site to get back into javascript, and [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/index.html) with hooks development.

## Installation/Usage

[node.js](http://nodejs.org/download/) is required to get `npm`. Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) to install/run the-movie-site.

1. Clone the repo: `git@github.com:Michael-Lafreniere/myzon.git`
2. `cd myzon`
3. Install packages: `npm install`
4. Run it: `npm run start`

## Features

Initial home page similar to Amazon, allows logins but doesn't require it to add things to your cart. If you add items to your cart, you can remove them in the cart (click on the cart image) which updates the sub total and items in the cart in real-time. If you don't already have an account, you can create one when clicking on the sign in page, and it will afterwards successfully sign you in. The authentication is done using [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com). There are a few more screen shots in the base folder of the project if you want to see how the site looks.

<img src="https://github.com/Michael-Lafreniere/myzon/blob/master/Main_Screenshot.png" width="400" height="300" alt="some_text">

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
